ah man the ball shop today we're going
to cook up a pot New England clam
chowder and I want you to step by step
back then put this recipe together it's
delicious
and we're right through it sure exactly
how it's done the ingredients are pretty
simple we've got three dozen
medium-sized fresh clams three slices of
Apple smoked bacon two tablespoons of
sweet butter a tablespoon and a half of
garlic a tablespoon and a half of salt
and celery seed three potatoes finely
diced one white onion probably diced and
of course four and a half tablespoons of
flour to make the road equip this dish
together the first thing we're to do is
take this boiling pot of water and put
our clams in there
and we're going to let these things cook
until they're fully steamed and they
open up we want to make sure that the
clams that don't open up we don't use
our next step is we're going to take our
Apple smoked bacon we're going to put it
right in here into this pot or
thoroughly
round off off our bacon
let go here for about five minutes
let off all the fat as you will see here
we've got our bacon completely browned
off here and we've got our and just
going back over here you can see we've
got the clams all nicely chopped up yeah
yeah probably about a cup of clams and
so there so that's ready so we're just
going to let this root cook here for a
few minutes and then we'll see what
we're doing it
this is what I want you know only dice
are apple-smoked bacon service or having
what out then our garlic sorry
we're going to do next it's going to
take the play before that we have
dessert we're going to put that into our
stop
where's goodness to a high heat we're
lift as well five minutes and then we're
gonna sing that stuff then we will see
this is hooked off nicely we're going to
put our potatoes in here and our clams
and then we're going to add about two
cups of half-and-half to our mixture
here
what we want to do here is we do not I
repeat I do not we do not want bring
this to a boil we just want this to be
on low heat until the potatoes are soft
if not we are going to take these punk
bands very tight we're going to run it
up a little bit of cracked black pepper
in here and do back to places all right
well the TVs are now thoroughly cooked
and last step here we're at in about two
tablespoons of dried parsley probably
would have done better for parsley and
let that go for a minute there next year
go ahead and leave this up
little of this here the bolt you seen
there there you've got it folks
New England clam chowder